hi this is Matt Oh
in this video I will show you
spectacular game between a legend and a
Boogaloo Bob game was played in
saint-petersburg tournament in 1913 in
those days grandmasters carried a
computers on the shoulder blades Alison
had the white pieces and he started with
efore Boogaloo ball played b5 and just
to give you a tip Boogaloo ball who had
black pieces in this game was a match
for a legend in this game Knight to f3
Knight to c6 ruler pens grandmasters
choice Bishop to c5 c3 now Knight to f6
is the most popular move nowadays Knight
from G to e7 was paid and again d4 pawn
takes pawn C takes d4 Bishop to b4 check
bishop today - Bishop takes Bishop and
ala hint capture the liquid because
Knight is going to say three a6
attacking the bishop bishop to a for d5
striking in the center pawn takes pawn
green takes on d5 and now Knight to c3
Queen to e6 check Allison can block with
a clean but then Queens would be
exchanged perhaps in' again would be
about equal al him played King to f1 and
lost his right to castle
go into c4 check came to g1 black castle
d5 attacking the knight where is the net
Greg looks like Knight to e7
a seven is good spot but Boogaloo ball
played rook to d8 pawn is pinned
if pawn takes knight then rook takes
Queen Queen to even and pinning and also
attacking the knight on e7 Bishop to g4
Bishop to b3 attacking the Queen Bishop
to f4 and now pawn takes Knight Bishop
takes on f3 Allegan capture the knight
and the global captured on c6 with
Bishop let's have a look at this
position now who is better white is
better
Knight and Bishop against the bishop but
Boogaloo ball didn't give up Allen
played h4 and Boogaloo bow decided to
give his best shot he played rook to d2
threat his queen takes on f2 and then on
g2 checkmate looks like that problem is
solved easily with rook to f1 now
Boogaloo go played rook to e8 attacking
the Queen the best spot for the Queen
would be to play to c5
but Allah he played tween to g5 and his
calculations were that wherever Queen
goes he is going to be better and if
Queen takes Queen it's even easier win
for him but he was surprised in this
position but global who had black pieces
played an amazing move you can pause
this video if you wish and you can try
to find the move that black played and
this is the move for global captured
with rook on f2 if now Queen takes Queen
then that is checkmate on g2 if rook
takes rook then look to even check rook
to f1 Ruth takes on F and check mate so
in this position I like in capture the
pole on f7 check into h8 rook to d1 and
now for global captured the bishop on f7
and is good good position and is even
better materially rook to d2 protecting
the pond G to h6 attacking the Queen and
also making the room for King to escape
because in some variations there is a
threat of checkmate on the eighth-ranked
now rook captured an f2
look to even check King to H - Queen
takes rook and now Queen is under attack
Queen to g4 was paid by election to
protect G to pawn another one on h4 but
when the global captured on g2 with a
bishop Allegan resigned it is done
because he is losing in all variations
but let's check the most obvious
variation if I takes bishop with the
Queen then check in to h3 rook takes
rook check King takes rook and Queen
takes Queen that's why it moved
27 Allah Cain resigned
what a game thank you for watching this
video and I hope that you enjoyed it